More explicit instructions & expectations (#4)
inato/senior-take-home-test: README.md

# Instructions

- [ ] Clone this repository (do **not** fork it)
- [ ] Implement the features step-by-step (your commit history should be clear to follow)
- [ ] Document your architecture and design choices along the way

> - [ ] Provide documentation on how we should use your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Provide instructions on how we can run your code
```

- [ ] Publish it on GitHub (or equivalent)

> - [ ] Send us the link and tell us approximately how much time you spent on this assignment

Reviewer: 👍

## Guidelines

We expect you to spend no more than 5 hours on this assignment.

This assignment is limited in scope and could be solved by writing all the code in a single file. Still, we want you to architect your tests and your code as if you were building the first parts of a larger-scale software. Imagine that a lot of features are going to be added in the future, by other engineers. Focus on maintainability and extensibility, even though it is clearly over-engineering at this point.

You are allowed to use the technologies of your choice, but if you are looking for inspiration use [ours](https://stackshare.io/inato/marketplace). You are encouraged to make good use of open-source code.

## Expectations
- [ ] You followed the instructions 

> - [ ] We can install & query the Web API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] We can run & query the Web API
```

> - [ ] We can install & query the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] We can run the CLI
```
